Txt text test. One test test.  Two test test.   Three test ext test.
Newline test test test. 
SpaceNewline test test test.
 NewlineSpace test test test. 
 SpaceNewlineSpace test test test. Start

Newlinespacenewline test test test.

Giles Hopkins went swinging down the road after he had seen the last of
Mr. Weston. He was bound for the governor's house, but he came up with
William Bradford on the way and laid before him his thoughts.

"Mr. Bradford," he said, "I've been considering. We shall starve to
death, even though we get the ship that is promised us from home,
bringing us all that for which we hope, unless we can raise better
crops. I am one of the youngest men, but may I lay before you my
suggestion?"

"Surely, my son," said Governor Bradford. "Old age does not necessarily
include wisdom, nor youth folly. What do you advise?"

"Give every family its allotment of land and seed," said Giles. "Let
each family go to work to raise what it shall need for itself, and abide
by the result of its own industry, or indolence, always supposing that
no misfortune excuses failure. I'll warrant we shall see new days--or
new sacks filled, which is more to the point--than when we let the
worthless profit by worth, or worth be discouraged by the leeches upon
it."

Governor Bradford regarded Giles smilingly. "Thou art an emphatic lad,
Giles, but I like earnestness and strong convictions. Never yet was
there any one who did not believe in his own panacea for whatever evil
had set him to discovering it! It was Plato's conceit, and other
ancients with him, that bringing into the community of a commonwealth
all property, making it shared in common, was to make mankind happy and
prosperous. But I am of your opinion that it has been found to breed
much confusion and discontent, and that it is against the ordinance of
God, who made it a law that a man should labour for his own nearest of
kin, and transmit to them the fruit of his labours. So will I act upon
your suggestion, which I had already considered, having seen how wrong
was Plato's utopian plan, or at least how ill it was working here. With
the approval of our councillors, I will distribute land, seed, and all
else required, and establish individual production instead of our
commonality."

"It is time we. tried a new method, Governor Bradford," said Giles.
"Another year like these we've survived, and there would be no survival
of them. I don't remember. how it felt to have. enough to eat!"

"Poor. lad," said the. governor, kindly, though to. the full he had. shared
the scarcity. "It is hard to be young. and. hungry, for at. best youth is
rarely. satisfied, and it must be cruel to see every day at. the worst!
But I have. good ground to hope. that our winter is over and past, and
that the voice of the turtle will soon be heard in our land. In other
words, I think. that a ship, or possibly more. than one, will be here. this
summer, bringing us new. courage in new helpers, and supplies in plenty."

"It is to. be hoped.," said. Giles, and went away.